# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 21 October  2019

**Present:** Jory Burson (OASIS), Dan Burnett (ConsenSys), Virgil Griffith (EF)

1. **Devcon Recap**
    * EEA, Micrsosoft, Eth Classic
    * Workshop Session
        * Sub-optimal session - could’ve been better (session here)
        * Fine, for variety of standards working happening - not the best for recruiting folks to the OASIS work
    * Loved having the conference in Osaka (next year: Buenos Aires, Bangalore)
    * [Last Meeting Agenda/Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oDTDnqtaGVCdfzwIAOrqWwgvDtkQ-hXAhvo1Zuid4OU/edit)
    * Charter Submitted, up on GH (see below)
    * Github Org Updates ([https://github.com/ethresearch/oasis-open-project](https://github.com/ethresearch/oasis-open-project))
        * Take a minute to read README updates - everything ok?
        * Shall we start putting meeting notes in a /minutes folder?
2. **OASIS**
    * Valuable for us to get to know the community
    * Chris Ward is interested in doing JSON-RPC (EF part time) - technical writing on the wiki. Would be working with OPEN-RPC people (they would need to move it)

4. **TokenScript**
    * Does the work have enough outside collaborators?
    * Weekly design meetings - Jory to attend this Thursday; talk to them about finding other people (outside of AlphaWallet) to join  

5. **Governance Doc**
    * [https://notes.ethereum.org/zE2f1mIcTf2jjfdmTOZx3w?both](https://notes.ethereum.org/zE2f1mIcTf2jjfdmTOZx3w?both)
6. **Possible Future PGB/TSC Recruitment**

7. **TSC membership recruitment - Scoping the first round of work**
    * What can we do to demonstrate or scope work on JSON-RPC?
8. **Next Steps, Action Items & “Homework” (5 minutes)**
    * Governance template
    * Prep for devcon workshop
        * Day 0 - will Dan/chaals be at TPAC
