# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 23 September 2019

**Present:** Jory Burson (OASIS), Dan Burnett (ConsenSys)

1. **Quick Status Update (5 mins)**
    * Minutes from the last meeting
        * Minutes approval 
    * New GH Repo ([https://github.com/ethereum/oasis-open-project](https://github.com/ethereum/oasis-open-project))
    * Virgil & Jory wrapped up [Governance Template](https://notes.ethereum.org/zE2f1mIcTf2jjfdmTOZx3w?both)
2. **TSC Activities**
    * Tokenscript ([https://github.com/AlphaWallet/TokenScript](https://github.com/AlphaWallet/TokenScript))
        * Alphawallet - what does success look like for this project?
    * Developer Tooling 
    * JSON RPC

3. **DevCon**
    * [Workshop Gameplan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MUYcuT78LAewlONoMzNgnpT6n26jySyE6JAWnUdh5YU/edit?usp=sharing)
        * [Survey](https://docs.google.com/a/thestoryofjory.com/forms/d/1KW4IKDQH_K_lze3gxZMVqZJr8IOHrPcIAARNNv7ndME/edit) | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pyDMWiLboPN0EOg7wkxF_NLULyzg12ErlBBxYq7AAOk/edit)
    * Who do we need to be talking to?
        * Talk to Boris - maybe he knows other people to talk to
        * Eth Magicians, or anyone who is known to have complained about the EIP process.
        * Anyone who wants to do ERCs
        * Small to mid-size Corporates \

4. **Action Items & Follow-ups**
    * Next Meeting - would be Monday, Oct 7 (day before DevCon)