# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date: 12 August 2020

**Present:** Jory Burson (OASIS), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Dan Burnett (EEA), Tas Dienes (EF), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys),

**Regrets:** John Wolpert (Baseline TSC), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS)

**Guests:** Tomasz Stanczak (Nethermind)

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Eth 1.x JSON-RPC TSC Charter Review - Discussion with Tomasz
        *   See [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HpAqDjHzRRFPIvlMQ4pedAybCbKaDzBC-OxKuL_EhQU/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HpAqDjHzRRFPIvlMQ4pedAybCbKaDzBC-OxKuL_EhQU/edit#)
        *   Q: Is this the ETH 1 Client? A: Yes, letâ€™s make that specific for avoidance of doubt
        *   ACTION all: Review document by 19th and send any questions to Tomasz.  Plan is to vote on 26th if any/all issues are resolved by then
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION JW: Draft best practice guideline for teleconference/video tools for meetings
            *   Looking to provide Zoom, with webinar capability, for all Open Projects
            *   RESOLVED
        *   ACTION JB:  Fix the CLA issue on [PR #9](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pull/9)
            *   RESOLVED
        *   ACTION DB: Review [governance doc](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md) and propose a specific review for a meeting
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline 
            *   PR release proposed for version 0.1.  First implementations and PoCs also kicked off.  Coca-Cola bottling (CONA) will be supporting.
            *   Initial meeting to discuss specification efforts on 26 Aug. @ 10 a.m. EST
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization - see above
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   ACTION CN: follow up with Tom Lindemann
        *   Ad industry protocol from Mad Network
            *   Received charter proposal and supporting docs
            *   ACTION all: Review proposal by the 19th and send any questions to Jory to forward. Plan is to vote on 26th if any/all issues are resolved by then.
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
            *   First discussion with Jory completed.   Unibright, Give Directly, Save the Children may be initial supporters.  Stefan wants to move forward.  May not be really about Ethereum.  Hopefully will be developing both software and a standard.  Stefan will first present some slides (or help a partner do it).
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)