# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 7 October 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Gina Rubino (Nethermind)

**Regrets:** Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** None

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION: JB to open ballot to adopt CC-4.0 for Eth. 1.x repo.
            *   Ballot sent.  There are enough positive votes to declare it as having passed.  RESOLVED

			Noted that CC-By doesn’t cover patent licensing, because there is a Contributor License for patents.

    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   More sponsors of the Ethereum OASIS Open Project.  They will be holding a Summit, hopefully early November. 1 or 2 day long drop-in working session.
            *   ACTION: Need PGB confirmation of the elected TSC members:
                *   John Wolpert - Chair
                *   Kyle Thomas
                *   Stefan Schmidt
                *   Kartheek Solipuram
                *   Anais Ofranc
                *   Brian Chamberlain
                *   George Spasov
                *   Hudson Jameson
                *   Cale Teeter
                *   Conor Svensson
                *   Tomasz Stańczak

			All present vote to approve. RESOLUTION: TSC 	approved

        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   Repo and mailing list have been created.  JB will add license file sometime today.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding 

            -Stefan not here,

    *   Discussion items
        *   Portrayal of Ethereum OASIS Open Project and Baseline on OASIS website and in press announcements
            *   The OASIS Open projects website is confusing, and failing to clarify that Baseline is part of the Ethereum OASIS open project. \
We will get a new website at some point. The Baseline website also needs some update.
            *   Resolved and agreed: We move to change the website [https://oasis-open-projects.org/projects/](https://oasis-open-projects.org/projects/) and [https://baseline-protocol.org](https://baseline-protocol.org) to emphasize Baseline underneath Ethereum-Oasis.
        *   Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process
            *   Tabled until Jory can be on the call
    *   JWolpert moved to establish a subcommittee with the remit to develop/propose and get ratified a way to handle the funding, decision-making and execution of incentives (e.g., Gitcoin).  Propose subcommittee has two meetings and reports back by end of November.

        Discussion on whether this needs to be a “subcommittee” or just extra meetings of this committee. \
RESOLUTION: JohnW to develop the proposal in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals, and bring it back to this committee as a replacement motion.

    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   Project wish list
        *   There is a need for a ZK-circuit generator that is not GPL.
        *   Would be nice to see an EVM spec.