# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## **Date:** 29 July 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA), Tas Dienes (EF), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Jory Burson (OASIS), Gina Rubino (Nethermind)

**Regrets:** Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS)

**Guests:** 

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Welcome Nethermind!
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   Action JW: Draft best practice guideline for teleconference/video tools for meetings
        *   ACTION JB and DB: Create charter proposal template.
            *   Completed
            *   ACTION JB:  Add template to our repo.
        *   ACTION JB: Send Nethermind our new charter proposal template.
            *   Completed
        *   ACTION JB: Send Mad Network our new charter proposal template.
            *   Completed
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   Still working on Init Core Release; next call tomorrow 
            *   Plan to move from GitBook to Docusaurus 
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API documentation
            *   Nethermind: yes
            *   PegaSys: will respond as needed (and Chaals will chase them to do so)	
            *   Geth: will respond as needed
            *   EthereumJS: awaiting response
            *   Trinity: Yes
            *   TurboGeth: Yes… maybe just reactive
            *   OpenEthereum: Yes
            *   Waiting on charter proposal
            *   Nice compilation of interested companies
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   Plan was to ping again at end of July
                *   Tas pinged them just now
        *   Ad industry protocol from Mad Network
            *   Waiting on charter proposal (only had a couple of days to look at it so far)
            *   Will be a big group like Baseline, want to ensure resources are there to support it. Should it be part of this project or a distinct silo?
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding … looking for guidance on next steps (reply is come tell PGB about it and continue conversation)
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   [Governance doc review](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md)
        *   Support for large membership
        *   ACTION Chaals: make PR to say “if you are looking at a PR, and there isn’t a sufficient support with your vote, make it an approve or request changes. If you are the one that makes the difference, you can merge”. [Done](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pull/9): Action JB to approve the CLA
        *   ACTION: DanB to review this and propose a specific review for a meeting	
    *   Question:  do we encourage our sub-projects to become their own separate Open Projects, or is it better for them to stay within the one group?  Usually the latter . . .