
# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## **Date:** 9 September 2020

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Jory Burson (OASIS),

**Regrets:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION all: Review Mad Network proposal by the 19th and send any questions to Jory to forward. Plan is to vote on 26th if any/all issues are resolved by then. (DK would like time to review)
            *   OBE: Mad Network will create their own OASIS Open Project, RESOLVED
        *   ACTION JB: Invite (engineer) from MAD Hive as guest to next PGB call
            *   OBE: Mad Network will create their own OASIS Open Project, RESOLVED
        *   ACTION CN: follow up with Tom Lindeman on potential project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   Outstanding… (but Tom followed up so it’s also OBE)
            *   JohnW talked to Tom, expects him to follow up first with EEA and see whether it fits better there.

                Tas: Makes sense. Is EEA membership a barrier?


                JohnW: That is changing, so let’s see how that goes. \
Tas: Good to see this moving forward one way or another

    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   JohnW: Release went well, TSC election upcoming and concerned there are not enough committers given our rules on having to contribute in order to vote. Not everyone who is contributing is actually committing in Github. Have someone to help people, but still pretty few. \
Chaals: We should probably consider the governance mechanism / vote qualification and look at whether it’s solid enough or whether we should think about changing it a bit… \
[we like the model overall, the question is whether there are tweaks that could improve the model]]
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   Ready for vote? \
Tas: Franco from Nomic Labs has verbally committed to the writing work, so the resources are there. Anybody want more or can we vote on it?
            *   ACTION: Jory to send a ballot to PGB
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   Pending further discussions.
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
            *   Stefan sent regrets, no updates for today. 
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)