# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 20 April 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (ConsenSys), Jory Burson (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF)



*   **Status Updates**
    *   Baseline Updates - skipped for today
*   **Agenda Items**
    *   GH Permissions
        *   Can we allow ‘Members’ to have write access? Issue is somewhat blocking onboarding.
            *   Agreed to update to baseline-members + PRs to contributors (or members.md)
    *   Chairing this meeting 
        *   We need to appoint a chairperson
            *   Decision made to ask for nominations and ballot
            *   AI to Jory to start this process
        *   Terms for Chairperson - to be taken up and added to governance
    *   JSON RPC
        *   See emails from Chris Ward 
        *   AI to schedule call with JSON RPC group