# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 24 June 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (ConsenSys), Tas Dienes (EF),  John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Jory Burson (OASIS) 

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline - approaching 600 active on Slack.  Momentum may be slowing slightly (possibly due to other public announcements on other projects).  Near 90 forks.  Maintainers told to pull in contributions from other forks/clones as fast as feasible, because it allows for a greater voting pool.  Init core also being moved to master soon; will enable many more demos.  Getting started with standards now!  SAP is doing something similar to Baseline, so looking for ways to keep in alignment.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API documentation
            *   Tomasz from Nethermind has been asked.
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *    EthTrust was formed for this.  Need to find out whether they might want to move here.
        *   Eth 2 client JSON-RPC API work
            *   Waiting for Eth 1.x to settle first
        *   (New) Discussions with Mad Network about bringing in a protocol for ad industry; work is similar in nature to Baseline and would make sense as a new project/TSC adjacent to Baseline.
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
        *   None to merge
    *   Vice/Co-chair option
        *   Tas unanimously elected as Vice-Chair
    *   Best practice items?
        *   Tech Experience Review (Zoom webinar test)
            *   John has been paying for webinar cost himself, but call is extending in time (and really shouldn’t be borne by him).  Also needs to get off John’s personal Google account so others can run it.  Large attendance volume, need to figure out way to avoid bombing.  May add registration requirement. Want to be able to put videos up to YouTube (live is nice but perhaps not necessary)
            *   OASIS can offer gotomeeting.  Looking into it.
            *   Action JW: Draft best practice guideline for this.
        *   Groups.io
                *   Concern with who gets to list maintainers, contributors, etc.  Today only groups.io is available to manage this but want to add a field to profile for a user’s github id.  Then a github user can authorize themselves to be listed.  ACTION JB:  Explore this mod to groups.io
    *   Fundraising
        *   Interested in OASIS last week discussion of fundraising alternatives, in particular the notion of donors (as opposed to sponsors) to OASIS
            *   An open hosted collective might be possible, but could be tricky to get right.
    *   Governance doc review
        *   Support for large membership