# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## **Date:** 26 August 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Jory Burson (OASIS), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Tas Dienes (EF)

**Regrets:** Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS)

**Guests:** Dan Shaw (EF)



*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Web3J - Discussion with Dan Shaw
        *   Web3J is library for Java developers to connect to Eth clients.  Largely developed by Web3 Labs, but currently dependent (too much) on EF.  So one possibility is to move project into an openly-governed, open source environment.  Thought is that this would invite more participation.  Possibly a pilot for how such EF grant-supported projects could go forward in the future.
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION all: Review JSON-RPC charter proposal document by 19th and send any questions to Tomasz.  Plan is to vote on 26th if any/all issues are resolved by then.  ACTION COMPLETE
        *   ACTION all: Review Mad Network proposal by the 19th and send any questions to Jory to forward. Plan is to vote on 26th if any/all issues are resolved by then. (DK would like time to review)
        *   ACTION CN: follow up with Tom Lindeman on potential project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
        *   ACTION DB: Review [governance doc](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md) and propose a specific review for a meeting
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   [Published PR for v0.1 of Core](https://oasis-open-projects.org/baseline-protocol-v01/).  Lots of excitement :)
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   Some comments were raised in the proposal that need to be addressed. If these comments are addressed to PGB membersâ€™ satisfaction before the next meeting, we can call for an electronic vote then (before the next meeting).  If PGB members still would like to discuss more before the meeting, we will wait until then.
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   Still waiting on Chaals
        *   Ad industry protocol from Mad Network
            *   Overall question of fitness with the Ethereum OASIS scope or better as its own OP.
            *   ACTION JB: Invite (engineer) from MAD Hive as guest to next PGB call
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)