# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 18 May 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (ConsenSys), Tas Dienes (EF), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (EEA) 

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greeting
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   Jory to ask after PGB size concerns.
        *   Group to review governance doc
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline 
            *   Funding, etc.
                *   All Sponsors confirmed to rejoin
                *   Carol: Oasis help facilitate added funds for specific purposes if the PGB wishes to do that
                *   The idea: *if* you are a Sponsor, *then* you can provide additional incentive money to support specific initiatives, e.g. Baseline bug bounties
                *   Create a S.C. that provides the oversight 
                *   John proposes; 
                    *   No Premium sponsorship
                    *   Tincup - e.g. for Gitcoin Hackathon, administrative support
                    *   Money *may* be managed by OASIS but doesnâ€™t have to be 
                *   Dan working on wording for the governance document to accomplish this
            *   Carol updates on the interest in the Baseline stakeholders call on Thursday. 
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API documentation
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations 
            *   Not a software project; a documentation project 	
    *   Governance doc review
        *   Dan: need a focused working session on the doc so that we can make progress
            *   Need a compare with the other OASIS OP documentation 
            *   Dan will set up a Doodle poll to find a time for everyone
    *   No other business raised 