# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date: 27 January 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tomasz Stańczak (Nethermind), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair),

**Regrets:** Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS) 

**Guests:** Tomasz Stańczak (Nethermind)

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ~~ACTION: JB to touch base with JSON-RPC project (week of 2 Dec 2020).~~
        *   ACTION: Stefan to check on status of project around escrow for NGO funding and report back. 
            *   Stefan was not present to give an update
        *   ~~ACTION: JB to get info from Carol about Baseline summit expenses and forward to PGB~~
        *   ACTION: JB to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline 
            *   Work happening so fast it’s getting more difficult to follow.  Community is doing well.  May be some options for increasing incentive funding.  Gitcoin hackathon just ended; will be announcing shortly.  Small dip in active Slack users; watching to see where it’s coming from.  Twitter account around 5000.  CONA wants to increase amount of Baselining.  They want to switch from their private nets to Baselining.  Gartner and Forrester want updates on the project.  Anais is still doing a great job.
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization 
            *   First call was today, good representation.  Diverse participation, but would like more enterprise Ethereum participation.  Collecting list of existing specs, will then ask all the clients to verify the specs.  Over next week will begin creating that call.  Just opened Discord for discussion.  3-4 more meetings at biweekly cadence.  Would like to have participants who represent Enterprise Ethereum to make sure no issues.
            *   Want license to be compliant with EIP requirements so what they produce could be converted to EIPs if desired.  Suggested by Danno Ferrin of Besu.
            *   APPROVED:  license to be changed from CC-BY-SA 4.0 to CC-0.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding 
            *   Stefan not present
    *   Discussion items
        *   Meeting Time
            *   There do not appear to be any times/days that work better than the current one. That may change after Chaals returns to Europe, possibly in a few months.  Discussion tabled.   
        *   Request from JSON-RPC project to change license from CC BY-SA 4.0 to CC 0
            *   (Resolved by vote during the meeting - see above)
        *   Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call)
        *   John Wolpert to develop a proposal about project funding/incentives in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals
            *   John has sent a working paper to the Board members; review encouraged.  There may be more input after the hackathon is judged.
            *   ACTION: JW to present paper to the Board at our next meeting
        *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   Project wish list
        *   There is a need for a ZK-circuit generator that is not GPL.
            *   Overtaken by events: GNARK is Apache licensed and getting uptake.
        *   Would be nice to see an EVM spec.